# CMPE140Project2

In Project 2 Level 1, the goal is to make a voting process with 2 possible answers (yes or no) with a number of participants and to decide which vote has been given more than the other. The participants must be determined with usernames and passwords before beginning the voting process and every participant have only one right to vote. We make that happen with firstly assigning 0 value to every participants voting situation (isvoted). 	At the same time we determine 5 participants’ usernames and passwords in 2 different “char” variables. Also, we define secimoy, yesvote, novote and votecount integers. 

A while loop that continues while votecount is not equal to 5, includes asking the username password part and a for loop. In the for loop that continues while the i is smaller than 5, there is an if function that checks if the username and password is determined before. In that if function there is another. That checks if the user who is just logged in is already voted or not by checking the isvoted variable. If the user’s isvoted variable is 0 then it continues to the voting part. In the voting part program asks the user to vote. Pressing 1 means yes and pressing 2 means no. Then it scans the answer and writes it to secimoy. Then the switch part includes two cases according to the number of possible answers. In case 1 which becomes active when 1 is pressed, program says “Your YES vote is saved” and records that you voted with writing 1 instead of 0 in the isvoted variable. In case 2 which becomes active when 2 is pressed, program says “Your NO vote is saved” and does the same thing to isvoted variable. 

In the last part, an if function checks that number of yes votes are bigger than 3 or number of no votes bigger than 3 or number of total votes is equal to 5. Then every time that a user votes the other if functions check that whether yes is more than no, no is more than yes then if one of the both options ends up being true, the program shows the results. 
